Exercise Route
==============
[Memory: 128 MB CPU: 2 sec]

Bessie the cow realizes she needs to exercise more in order to
stay in good shape. She needs your help selecting potential
routes around the farm that she can use for her morning jogging
routine.

The farm is made up of N fields (1 <= N <= 2*10^5), conveniently
numbered 1...N, and conveniently connected by a set of M
bi-directional trails (1 <= M <= 2*10^5). Being creatures of habit,
the cows tend to use one particular subset of N-1 trails for
all of their daily movement between fields -- they call these
the "standard" trails. It is possible to travel from any field
to any other field using only standard trails.

To keep her morning jog interesting, Bessie decides that she
should pick a route that involves some non-standard trails.
However, she is so comfortable with using standard trails, she
doesn't want to use too many non-standard trails on her route.
After some thought, she decides a good route is one that forms a
simple cycle (returning to its starting point, and not using any
field more than once) that contains exactly two non-standard
trails.

Please help Bessie count the number of good routes she can use.
Two routes are considered the same if they involve the same set
of trails.

PROBLEM NAME: exercise

INPUT FORMAT:

The first line contains N and M. Each of the next M lines
contains two integers ai and bi describing the endpoints of a
trail. The first N-1 of these are the standard trails.

OUTPUT FORMAT:

Output the total number routes Bessie might want to use.

SAMPLE INPUT:

5 8
1 2
1 3
1 4
1 5
2 3
3 4
4 5
5 2

SAMPLE OUTPUT:

4

Problem credits: Dhruv Rohatgi