Mowing the Field
================
[Memory: 64 MB CPU: 2 sec]

Farmer John is quite reliable in all aspects of managing his
farm, except one: he is terrible at mowing the grass in a timely
fashion. He only manages to move the mowing machine once per
day, in fact. On day 1, he starts at position (x_1,y_1) and on day
d he mows along a straight segment to the position (x_d,y_d),
moving either horizontally or vertically on the 2D map of his
farm; that is, either x_d=x_(d-1), or y_d=y_(d-1). FJ alternates
between horizontal and vertical moves on successive days.

So slow is FJ's progress that some of the grass he mows might
grow back before he is finished with all his mowing. Any section
of grass that is cut in day d will reappear on day d+T, so if
FJ's mowing path crosses a path he cut at least T days earlier,
he will end up cutting grass at the same point again. In an
effort to try and reform his poor mowing strategy, FJ would like
to count the number of times this happens.

Please count the number of times FJ's mowing path crosses over
an earlier segment on which grass has already grown back. You
should only count "perpendicular" crossings, defined as a point
in common between a horizontal and a vertical segment that is an
endpoint of neither.

PROBLEM NAME: mowing

INPUT FORMAT:

The first line of input contains N (2 <= N <= 100,000) and T
(1 <= T <= N, T even).

The next N lines describe the position of the mower on days
1...N. The ith of these lines contains integers x_i and y_i
(nonnegative integers each at most 1,000,000,000).

OUTPUT FORMAT:

Please output a count of the number of crossing points described
above, where FJ re-cuts a point of grass that had grown back
after being cut earlier.

SAMPLE INPUT:

7 4
0 10
10 10
10 5
3 5
3 12
6 12
6 3

SAMPLE OUTPUT:

1

Here, FJ crosses on day 7 a segment of grass he cut on day 2,
which counts. The other intersections do not count.

Problem credits: Chad Waters and Brian Dean