Sprinklers
==========
[Memory: 16 MB CPU: 2 sec]

Farmer John has a large field, and he is thinking of planting
sweet corn in some part of it. After surveying his field, FJ
found that it forms an (N−1)×(N−1) square. The southwest
corner is at coordinates (0,0), and the northeast corner is at
(N−1,N−1).

At some integer coordinates there are double-headed sprinklers,
each one sprinkling both water and fertilizer. A double-heading
sprinkler at coordinates (i,j) sprinkles water on the part of
the field north and east of it, and sprinkles fertilizer on the
part of the field south and west of it. Formally, it waters all
real coordinates (x,y) for which N >= x >= i and N >= y >= j, and it
fertilizes all real coordinates (x,y) for which 0 <= x <= i and
0 <= y <= j.

Farmer John wants to plant sweet corn in some axis-aligned
rectangle in his field with integer-valued corner coordinates.
However, for the sweet corn to grow, all points in the rectangle
must be both watered and fertilized by the double-headed
sprinklers. And of course the rectangle must have positive area,
or Farmer John wouldn't be able to grow any corn in it!

Help Farmer John determine the number of rectangles of positive
area in which he could grow sweet corn. Since this number may be
large, output the remainder of this number modulo 10^9+7.

PROBLEM NAME: sprinklers

INPUT FORMAT:

The first line of the input consists of a single integer N, the
size of the field (1 <= N <= 10^5).

The next N lines each contain two space-separated integers. If
these integers are i and j, where 0 <= i,j <= N−1, they denote a
sprinkler located at (i,j).

It is guaranteed that there is exactly one sprinkler in each
column and exactly one sprinkler in each row. That is, no two
sprinklers have the same x-coordinate, and no two sprinklers
have the same y-coordinate.

OUTPUT FORMAT:

The output should consist of a single integer: the number of
rectangles of positive area which are fully watered and fully
fertilized, modulo 10^9+7.

SAMPLE INPUT:

5
0 4
1 1
2 2
3 0
4 3

SAMPLE OUTPUT:

21

Problem credits: Dhruv Rohatgi